FretNaut Privacy Policy

Last Updated: October 17, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We pledge not to use Your Personal data, but do employ additional services provided by Unity and Google to use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator: https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/


	Interpretation and Definitions

   Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

   Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
	Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

	Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named FretNaut.

	Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Fretnaut.

	Country refers to: Ohio, United States

	Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

	Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

	Provided Data refers to Personal Data (generally analytical) provided to Us by Unity Analytics and Google Analytics.

	Service refers to the Application.

	Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

	Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

	You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


	Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

   Types of Data Collected

   By Us:
The Service itself collects, stores, and/or shares no Personal Data or Usage Data, outside of two (2) local files created by the Service and contained within to store user preferences and "instrument gallery".

   By Unity:
The Service uses features provided by Unity: Unity Software, Unity Analytics Services, and Unity Ads.
These features are used to improve the functionality of the Service and guide future developments, as well as provide a tailored ad experience.
Data collected and processed by Unity in regards to or through Our use of Unity services, as well as the usage and sharing of such Data by Unity is described in Unity's Privacy Policy: 
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Users residing in the United Kingdom (UK) mat opt-out of the collection of User Data through a link provided in the Application.

   By Google:
The Service uses features provided by Google: Google Analytics.
These features are used to improve the functionality of the Service and guide future developments.
Data collected and processed by Google in regards to or through Our use of Unity services, as well as the usage and sharing of such Data by Google is described in Google's Privacy Policy: 
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners


   Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Provided Data for the following purposes:

   To provide and maintain our Service, inclusing to monitor the usage of out Service.

   To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

   To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

   For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

   With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.

   For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.

   With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.


   Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.


   Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data and Provided Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.


   Disclosure of Your Personal Data

   Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

   Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

   Other Legal Requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability


   Securite of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.



	Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.



	Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.



	Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.



	Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: hybridworkssoftware@gmail.com
